welcome to our jungle themed mini golf
course in beautiful Epsom for the Sport
Relief around with rom classic the
challenge at the US Open winner a double
Wimbledon and double Olympic champion it
is of course Andy Murray
[Music]
and his opponent Romesh Ranganathan from
Crawley hello Andy thanks welcome to the
first annual Sport Relief round with
warm celebrity golf juggler
I'm not messing about I can see that
yeah whoever wins gets a trophy yeah
this one nope this is just a spare one
the other trophies just just over there
okay and then whoever loses as we're by
personal fans has to wear a spur shirt
right okay sorry about that
how'd you feel about that no I'm not
feeling that at all let me tell you
something I've got one eye on the hole
that I'm on and this saw on the rest of
the course if you can operate like that
good luck to you mate okay the first
hole the snake back the par-3 8 yards a
gently undulating hole where players
need to carefully negotiate that
weathered snake torso with all the final
nasty unexpected hazard the hole itself
it's full of freezing water for myself
I'd go with a putter whatever ego I
think yeah I just want to see what your
forms like okay how you feeling because
you're still recovering from an injury
oh yeah I'm feeling all right
yeah are you gonna go left you're gonna
go underneath the section of snake's
body I'm going I'm going under the
snake's body yeah good luck mate
go that's a decent start get in get in
John are you gonna be doing this talking
to the ball it is good to know that
that's the kind of stuff you do I'm just
gonna put it in okay it's not bad
solid to to start not bad I like the way
that you pretended it wasn't upsetting
how much water there wasn't that hole
okay what happened there well some
reason they've got a gorilla noise
thematically doesn't even fit in with
the visuals but Oh huh I was better huh
you like that yeah but it's a three I
got a 2 so no I know that but we've got
more holster playmate
there yeah do you mind cuz I've got ya
faster by Murray one up after one on to
the next the wedding cake of path 3 only
6 yards but with a very tricky layered
approach to the pin and the wind is
stiffening blowing straight down the
fairway you're in the dress shoe of the
other player huh yeah do you have a
trash-talkin there's a lot of sort of
staring and stuff but no talking you
just stepped you just sitting staring at
them and will you try maintain eye
contact the whole time you're getting
dressed so you'd be like you'd walk give
me a tracksuit and you just sort of
unzip undress you're staring just to try
and save them up feels this sort of
psych-out and will kind of seductive
it's Andy d'herblay first get up sit sit
oh no that's gone so far away
such a shame this weird you showing it
to get out didn't change it good luck
bro do you know ooh there it goes that
needs to stay up there there we go that
work that time we're done oh come on are
you joking suck tonight how many was
that for you ready yeah it's a lot of
heat from Romesh Oh what out the way
stay up oh come on oh dear dear yeah
you're in trouble here
alright yes I'm fine you've got to keep
that one in
stay up yes good shot good shot thank
you thank you you know like when it went
badly there yeah you laugh yeah that's
like this poor form I get sports
know what I'm saying all right you would
do that in tennis would you no no that's
your right it's bad etiquette I'm sorry
get shot
now it doesn't mean it if it feels like
you're doing it because I told you off
come on well how many was that
Oh so after two holes married to up hole
three seven yards dominated by this
beautiful all natural spring water for
quite a straightforward par-3 foursome
so who's in your when you're playing
yeah who do you have supporting you in
your pot who's in your box
my mum yeah she comes sometimes you get
annoying sometimes Oh cuz I'll be honest
here I've got a Mama's piggy back and
obviously you got to pretend to be cool
with it because people don't like if you
stay a few mum I mean how do you ever
get people just at the last minute sort
of ask trying to hit you up for tickets
I'll make a deal with you though if you
beat me today I'll get you some tickets
to win more than this year okay and if
not I'll never invite you you'll never
invite yeah is that a fair okay fine you
know the stakes have risen what are you
doing just weighing it up I've never
done I'm not done a waterfall before
that's nice
were you laughs enough that's it good
good score that you're not under yeah
like that yeah yeah huh a good luck
night okay
nice nice memory
Oh just didn't have the legs to see you
know the little noise isn't that very
returned okay I'm just telling you Oh
for the Swiss cheese a tricky par three
only eight yards are testing hold
dominated by three huge graders on the
top fairway I would say you want to go
for the furthest one away okay I'm not
gonna go for that one I'm gonna go to
the middle hole why what just to be
different
let me stop difficult obviously
logically speak and that one's gonna be
the best one to go for isn't it
let's see oh you did take my bonus I
missed the target so much too hard
see you I shouldn't wait don't get
what's up mate just play the game
that was bad enough yeah do I have to
put this in I don't know if we can
change the rules at the entire game if
you want nice play by Murray magic yeah
I don't believe it
that's even better oh oh so close there
this is your chance to make a shot back
here steady now son steady
I know wait I can see what it is
I'll shut up come on you can't just have
some regular plants and then pipe in
them gorilla oh good shot
well you didn't win the hall it was
three I'm just says you said that wasn't
easy
no it's a good sharp bread and butter
mate huh Andy do you mind them yeah I
can get that one that is oh there you go
cheers bro lousily
yeah thank you so Marie two up after
four he's well on his way to yet another
trophy come back later
for the grand finale and see who's
crowned Sport Relief champion are you
rejoin us somewhat fittingly as
Ranganathan and Mary around the you beds
a very pronounced dogleg right to left
seven yards of hell
all right good luck mate be careful just
see it it curves around softly blade
oh that's too big get in oh no I've gone
onto the path what happens there
do you can I just ask you something are
you are you doing this commentary for my
benefit with this normally how you fly
hey that's my job
no I like the top yeah you talk the
whole it's kind of weird you know oh
that's so bad that's really bad
but can I listen before we carry on that
was awful what you just did yeah didn't
laugh you know why cuz I'm a decent
competitor good luck nice finish on Andy
that's big doesn't matter mate doesn't
get off okay you ready to see me cool
one but if you make this your one your
only one shot behind if you miss it then
it's too I used to be a math teacher
just just to give you a heads up so you
don't have to keep doing the arithmetic
for me all right don't believe it good
shot believe it mate feeling a bit of
pressure oh yeah this is actually closer
than what I was expecting that's called
hustle on to the next the longest hole
on the course dominated by the imposing
concrete cliff face which divides the
fairway some hole is do you get lots of
interaction with the crowd like during
your shows I do a bit you know I don't
get heckled as much so yesterday thank
you but what about you do you get
shouted up yeah my mum do you find all
that going Andy helpful yeah yeah I
cannot believe how bad that shot is
that's doesn't well it's coming all the
way back isn't it I'm not gonna fire you
train noise play away lies Andy I mean
what go well let you I'll let you off
just you're gonna do that again do what
you got it over that time I think yeah
after that penalty Murray down in form
there's a pace behind that that lacked
finesse I'm not gonna lie to you
but you got it over the hump so yes I
did was a lot of playing with Serena
Williams brother why's that
it was great yeah I loved it so many
people came up to me afterwards we were
like oh we just loved watching you and
Serena on the court together was
brilliant people seemed to yeah just
enjoy seeing the mixed doubles well
you've been very vocal about your views
on women in the game and what people
have said about women in the game of
suffer is that is that something that
you consciously decided to do was acted
in the moment you just thought I want to
put my views across it kind of stemmed
from I started working with a female
coach about I don't know five or six
years ago like when I lost the match it
Everybody blamed her and that was when I
realized actually wow this is actually
you know a bit of a problem so then I
tried to kind of speak up with her
though that after that first place here
okay really this is I find this very
irritating
this for the lead there we go how do you
mean there we go I thought I don't want
you to make it really do oh no I say
there we go as a shot goes wide or
whatever the hell it's called good shot
so we're equal either all right way yeah
feeling a bit fresher Andy huh I am yeah
so to the final hole a monster 8 yards
par 3 famous for the fast flowing Brook
that cuts through the concrete banks and
dominates the whole of the right hand
side of the fairway
approaching the pin the players need to
be aware of the gaps in those decorative
bricks making over shooting the target
in real heaven just to remind you
obviously whoever loses oh sure yeah can
you just give me a bit of space yeah
I'll give me plenty of space here Mike
are you allowed to play from that well
where do you want me to play from give
yourself an angle by putting it next to
the hole if you want Mike you can't just
apply it wherever you want be in the
hole
oh no that's trouble
oh no that's trouble I thought you say
when you find a rush steady now son
steady for that to happen and for you to
laugh and say that's brilliant see how
you get on you can't make that which
looks you've not actually won you need
to make this for the tire oh my good
good ok it's over
hold on wait I think you should just
leave it there cuz it's over what you
want it do you wanna know what she
didn't care not cool man
alright let's go that was fun though
I enjoyed that it was good would you
said that if you don't love no but I
didn't so I enjoyed it
so what does that how does that leave us
we've got
win-win situation there isn't a
situation you just don't you just don't
come fine I thought we'd actually got on
and we might just sort of I mean you you
can come watch me I thank you for sure
I'll take the ticket sir will you mean
take the ticket oh I want you to take
the ticket give it to someone else that
you don't like us I know I'll definitely
come they're coming
yeah I'll come and then what we can hang
out after that and then maybe we can
make a decision about one but are there
yeah okay well we're done thanks really
well done
why are you doing that again yes cuz I
won I'm happy crazy golf okay so fat
Asian man well done
so there you have it another great
victory for Andy Murray I'll be I feel
this week I still got to let you vote
because I so you know you get afraid
toys out of crime whatever so
congratulations thank you can you get
the trophy
thank you very much isn't it what do you
see with a light behind the shirt though
I sprout you got your name on the back
of up I'm very good
really funny so you do like a bit trash
talk